feat: add vertical input for Stackbit 1248 (#862)
selfcustody/krux: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog 26.05.0 - May 2025

### Stackbit 1248 Vertical Layout
- Added vertical layout option for Stackbit 1248 backup display, allowing users to choose between Standard (horizontal) and Vertical (transposed) grid orientations.

> - Added vertical layout option for Stackbit 1248 mnemonic input, allowing users to enter their mnemonic using the transposed grid orientation.

Reviewer: Summarize both 

```suggestion
- Added vertical layout option for Stackbit 1248 backup display/mnemonic input, allowing users to choose / enter mnemonic between horizontal) and vertical orientations.
```

Author: Did, was my first time doing 2 PRs and changelog modifications, now i know what to do! THX!!!
